welcome to yet another by request
unboxing I have received countless
inquiries about the Razer Ouroboros
Ouroboros Ouroboros whatever it means a
dragon eating its own tail and it's like
some kind of ancient symbol or something
and basically it is their new super uber
premium ambidextrous Gaming Mouse it
comes in a similar to Mamba esque
packaging that I remember caused such a
Stewart stir back when the Mamba came
out remember guys the Mamba was the
first wireless gaming mouse that really
performed like a wired gaming mouse even
though it was Wireless so they're using
a similar type of technology in this one
where they're saying that you have the
option of using it Wireless with less
than one millisecond of delay remember
guys most LCDs are on the order of ten
to thirty plus milliseconds of delay so
an extra one millisecond on your mouse
is not going to be the difference
between oh and put legs so bad
versus oh it you know is fine and it's
like awesome and just like the Mamba you
have the option to run it wirelessly or
you can charge the battery and use it
wired at the exact same time were with
the included braided cable so you can
use it in wired or Wireless mode no big
deal here's another thing I love check
this out
something that drove me crazy about my
g7 I used two g7 for a couple years
actually it was the fact that it had
those stupid custom battery packs now
you never ever have to worry about not
having a battery that's charged enough
to use in your mouse even once the
batteries start to wear out so another
thing that happened to g7 users just use
standard double a battery and nickel
metal hydride batteries will charge in
the mouse so please be sure not to use
anything other than a nickel metal
hydride battery because if it starts to
try and charge it it might be bad I
don't know if it would I don't know that
it would but I'm just sort of saying in
general put in a nickel metal hydride
battery it won't kill you
alright experience the new standard
position with the 4G dual sensor system
outfitted with both a laser and an
optical sensor to accurately calibrate
the
for exceptional surface tracking and
customizable liftoff Heights there you
go 8200 dpi crazy unrivaled gaming grade
wireless technology means the Ouroboros
it's a welcome okay yet we've covered
that already three customizable parts
more on this later and a bunch of other
languages approximate size and weight
and a bunch of things that we don't care
about alright rays are so good at
packaging let's see what they've
included with this one we've got some
Razer stickers we've got some Razer
document elation that's not really the
word for it at all alright what's this
guy congratulations there's no turning
back like us on Facebook and all that
jazz there's a picture of the mouse next
to a razor blade alright synapse 2.0
synapse 2.0 is cool they have also
updated synapse 2.0 since it came out to
make it like way better because all your
settings are still there even if you're
in offline mode so when you're online
it'll grab all your settings and all
your games and all that cool stuff from
the cloud and then when you're offline
it'll just take whatever the local copy
is so synapse very very very neat stuff
it's kind of like valves valves cloud
service where it remembers your game
settings synapse remembers regardless of
which computer you're on regardless of
what games it is you just log into
synapse and it remembers your macros and
all that good stuff for you hold
infinity in the palm of your hand ok
yeah this is about the adjustable nough
so will more on that after QuickStart
guide product guide for other Razer
products synapse 2.0 oh no this is just
this product guide so venture oh yeah a
bunch of good stuff in there including
the software and then another language
product guide now let's see if I can
figure out how to get this bad boy out
of here so pull this off okay which
should you something yeah yeah there you
go alright that comes out of there I
remember with the lumbar I really
struggled with it to get it off of the
little pedestal that it was on inside
the packaging so hopefully this one I
can figure out it's been a long time
since I did my Mamba and boxing but I
hope this one is a little bit easier to
to do ok yeah that's on there pretty
darn good and see if we can figure this
here out so there's a there's an arrow
ah there we go
that's not so bad
okay it's not that heavy actually it's
surprisingly light so once I figure out
where all the stuff is I will be back in
a moment and then I'll show you what
makes this pretty much as adjustable and
customizable as it gets on top of its
outstanding performance so the herbal or
Ouroboros is coming in as a customizable
no so there's a few different parameters
that you can adjust number one is the
position of the palm rest see I'm going
to go ahead I'm going to take that see
how you can tilt it like that for you
know a larger hand where you're going to
palm the mouse and then you can also
tilt it completely the other way now
it's very subtle looking how the profile
of the most changes when you adjust this
but what I discovered and my wife and I
were playing around with it
off-camera for a little while here
actually she's a very fussy fussy mouse
user and as a my what we discovered is
it actually makes an enormous difference
to the feel of a mouse and we were able
to get it dialed in to the point where
both of us were like okay yeah because
when I first handed her the mouse she
went but then we played around with that
as well as the length so you can adjust
the length of the most here she has kind
of long fingers and slim hands so you
can go ahead and you just push this
piece down right here okay and that
disengages it from the track so you can
go ahead and go click by click and
adjust the length of the mouse so you
can go from all the way to a size that's
comfortable for me so you got my my
small hands here see so that's that's
comfortable for me and then you can take
it all the way out to the point where
slick could probably use it comfortably
I kind of wish you was here to try it
out for me but there you go
so the point where I'll put my hand on
the back of a mouse and my fingers
barely make it to the wheel so you could
have fingers that are you know this much
longer than mine and you'd still be
comfortable using the Ouroboros at its
full length and then you've got about
three adjustment notches in between
those so that's really cool as well
last but not least you've got magnetic
pieces on the sides so here you can
adjust it however once so you can go
okay I'm a palm grip user I want my
pinky to have something to rest on I
want my thumb to have a rubberized grip
and oh these are cool too so these are
gear locks check this out so it's again
if this mouse is totally ambidextrous
you can adjust it either way for
left-handed or right-handed use so what
these guys do is particularly with the
grippy sides in place they allow you to
adjust your dpi while you're holding it
down so you can lock those buttons off
so you can put as much pressure as you
want to lift it off the mousepad or
whatever else you want or you can unlock
them so they turn into a button you can
go okay don't fit at the duck full speed
hold down sniping at load at at low
sensitivity let go and you're back to
full speed this is a hundred times
better of an implementation versus mice
like akari laser where you got a button
here that toggles your dpi this
is not easy to hit in the heat of battle
whereas this is part of your natural
movement and you can do it as easily as
anything else so I I'm actually I really
like that particular feature I'm going
to go ahead and lock these off for now
and again you can configure it
completely the other way these are
magnets so they're super easy to put in
place but they won't come off
accidentally you have to kind of fight
with them to get them off so will not
fight with them but you have to you have
to mean it okay so same thing you can
adjust it for left-handed use here now
if there was something that I had to
complain about with the shape of the
Ouroboros it would be that I don't
really have a place to put my ring
finger so here watch this guy so I'm
just going to go ahead put this on the
mousepad here so you can see so my thumb
I can rest here or I can adjust it with
the rubberized grip and I can rest on
that if I'm more of a claw user and I
want to hold the mouse like that I can
even do this and I can I can call the
most like that go ahead and adjust this
in lots of different ways to use it
whether you're a palm user or claw user
this is probably how I'd use it as a
Chloe's or bring it down nice and short
and then use it like that alright so I
can rest my thumb there with either of
those options index and middle finger
those are fine pinky finger I can either
rest right here on the little wing or I
can throw this guy on again and I can
I can use it as a clog grip I don't
really have somewhere to put this finger
so it tends to kind of fall down here
where it gets caught on the sharp piece
right here this sharp piece right here
it tends not to really be able to reach
these two buttons on the other side of
the most of this contrasts with
something like a SteelSeries sensei
where you can actually it's ambidextrous
and it has front and back buttons on
both sides but you can actually reach
those on the other side whereas these
ones are positioned a little bit further
back which i think is a function of the
adjustable nature of the mouse where if
you were pulling it all the way back
well that's where they would need to be
to be comfortably used and if you put
them way up here that user with their
palm at the back of the most like this
wouldn't be able to reach them so in
order for everyone to be able to reach
them for us small handed users it
becomes sort of a non optimal location
where I can't really press these
comfortably with my pinky and these ones
with my thumb are sort of more of a a
base of the thumb and then middle of the
thumb buttons
whereas on something like a g9 these are
middle of the thumb tip of the thumb
buttons and same for an Akari laser so
the reason I have a g9 in an Akari laser
here those are my favorite mice one of
them is more of a claw grip Mouse for me
and the other ones more of a palm grip
Mouse for me and I wanted to take this
jack-of-all-trades and compare it to
what I consider to be the Masters of
those particular trades all right so
back to the buttons that are on the
mouse oh you got your left your right
mouse button your scroll wheel really
nice scroll wheel on this guy you see
those raised bumps right there very very
comfortable nice soft rubber really good
grip love it sensitivity up sensitivity
down adjustable palm rest from your
panel that we've already been through so
here are your one two three buttons on
each side one two three you can program
all of these in the synapse software
don't forget that guys next you've got
those gear locks that I showed you
before em is ultra stick now ultra light
ultra stick mouse beat you put it down
in your pad you can't move no I'm just
kidding ultra slick so you got them here
here here on the bottom of the wings and
on the bottom of the magnetic
removable pieces here so those are all
over the bottom you've also got KK rear
panel button and recliner wheel yep yep
8200 dpi sensors 1 2 and rechargeable
battery USB connector yes USB connector
cable so if you want to plug that baby
in all you do is go like well something
looks like it locks into some sort of
piece of something there it goes
gold-plated so it's good stuff
you've got a nice braided cable here so
you shouldn't have any issues with that
again gold-plated connector on the other
side it's funny they gold plate this
part but the only part that actually has
to be gold-plated is the connectors
inside but I think it looks more lib
duelling that way so I can understand
why they do it
charging four hours four hours gets you
to 90% battery that's really cool so
it's kind of like the it's kind of like
my iPhone 4 where I can give it a quick
zap and I can get back going pretty
quickly but it actually takes quite a
while to get to full charge so 4 hours
for 90% eight hours for 100% that lasts
a little bit takes quite a while and
there's instructions here on how to
actually take the battery out so you
slide this bad boy up and you go ahead
and load the battery in there just like
that oh and it glows green folks very
very nice so you've got green glowing
accents here here and here and here
which looks really really really really
cool and we're going to go ahead and put
that back we're back where I want it and
I want the warmth of wing over here I
love how quickly you can adjust things
on it I mean you've got other adjustable
mice I mean things like g9 is adjustable
it comes with two different outer pieces
as well as adjustable weights but it
takes like you know you don't like take
this off and take go get another one
it's kind of a pain whereas this is
actually you know you can have all the
pieces on and off with magnets basically
so Wireless knob yeah I don't think
we're I don't think we're really missing
anything here how to pair it you press
the button press the other button not a
big deal so you know what let me connect
it and I'll have a look at what I think
cuz I was super stoked on the g600 from
Logitech it looked like the perfect
ergonomics for me still loved the
ergonomics of it great button layout but
the sensor just felt laggy so I'm going
to go ahead I'm going to install the
drivers for this guy let's see what I
think so if you guys were wondering
what 8200 dpi looks like I think we
really have reached the point where
we're at the limit of how much dpi is
needed I have my mouse pointer up in the
very top left corner I move the mouse
that much it's in the bottom left corner
did you even see how much me love watch
I'm going to do it again magic trick
okay bottom left top right so I think
that's a little bit on the high side for
me personally but you can adjust the
stages so you can sort of go did it that
and you can configure where you want the
various there we go configure
sensitivity stages you have up to five
stages so it's at 800 1800 4000 6400 etc
etc I find with higher resolution
monitors you do need the higher dpi
settings but this is just a 1080p
monitor so something like 800 to a
thousand would probably be absolutely
perfect for me
you can adjust in 100 increments there
we go
yeah thousand looks like looks like the
magic bullet for me bunch of other stuff
you can customize including what all the
buttons do as well as oh yeah you can
see the side views of the mice there you
go top view side view performance yes
acceleration keep it off and less out of
knowing some kind of person who likes
acceleration not that I'm generalizing
lighting bright normal ah you can change
the brightness you can go 400 K in
Wireless mode you can turn them down
just to make sure that you don't drain
your battery with the lights surface
calibration turn that on others add mats
lift off range you can change that as
well as power settings so when does it
enter sleep mode after idle flash the
battery indicator when the battery falls
below 5 10 15 20 or 25% gives you lots
of good oh and macro programming so this
is all done within synapse and synapse
will go ahead and make sure that
everything is you know taken care of for
you so what do I think feels alright I
mean I for me its mice never come down
to spec they come down to how responsive
does it feel does it feel right yeah you
know other than not knowing where to put
my ring finger I think we're I think
we're in good shape with our Ouroboros
however one thing that I did get tricked
by and as a seasoned unboxer I'm
even wear a shirt that says a
professional unboxer on it I'm feeling
pretty ashamed of this but I unboxed a
wireless mouse without actually managing
to find the wireless base station which
is here so it's a weighted base station
it's got a rubber grip on the bottom so
it's not going to go anywhere you can
put the plug into this bad boy just like
that and then you can drop the mouse on
there for your charging purposes just
like that thank you for checking out my
unboxing and first look at the Razer
Ouroboros don't forget to subscribe to -
tech tips for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos